Text files from the Apple II version of Star Trek: The Kobiyashi Alternative

REGIONS.TXT
You are on the Bridge: a round room with a viewscreen on the far wall, various command stations arranged around the circumference, and the Captain's seat in the center of the circle.~You are in Sickbay, a long room with six diagnostic beds. A lab opens off to one side: Dr. McCoy's office is near the rear.~You are in the Engineering department, a long room built on several levels, containing the control mechanisms for the warpdrive and impulse engines, and various large free standing consoles.~You are in the transporter room, a small room with a free-standing control console and a raised platform on which are six transporter discs.~You are in the recreation deck/room, a huge open area full of conversation areas and game tables of various sorts.~You are in the shuttle bay, the huge hangar-like area where the ship's shuttlecraft are kept.~You are in your quarters, a small tidy area with a desk, a bed, a bathroom, and various works of primitive art standing on the shelves.~You are in Spock's quarters, two small and severely neat rooms with a desk, a bed, a bathroom, and assorted Vulcan artifacts hanging from the walls or standing on shelves.~You are in McCoy's quarters, two small rooms with desk, bed, and bathroom. The walls feature various pictures of Earth and some portraiture, and the desk is a mess.~You are in Chekov's quarters, a small room with desk, bed, and bathroom. The walls feature various maps of the universe.~You are in Uhura's quarters. They consist of two small rooms with desk, bed and bathroom. On a shelf is a small collection of antique books; a guitar leans nearby.~You are in Scotty's quarters. They are two small rooms with desk, bed and bathroom. The desk and bed are scattered with engineering journals on cassette. On a nearby shelf is a collection of exotic-looking bottles.~You are on the observation deck, which is a long railed area with large windows looking out at the stars.~You are in the Brig, which is a long narrow hallway with six forcefield-barred "calls" opening off it, three on each side.~You are in the turbolift, a small room with a railing, a communicator panel, a speaker phone, and a set of controls for the lift.~You are looking down a stretch of corridor which winds around.~You are on the Enterprise.~You are in the Shuttlecraft. It is totally destroyed.~a vast cave housing a city and manufacturing area~This is a huge central cavern, containing a spaceship servicing center. The sedimentary stone shows striations in many shades of blue. Many small spacecraft of alien make are being worked on by robot repair and maintenance facilities.~There are intermixed life signs, mechanical and electromagnetic readings coming from all directions.~a narrow tunnel~This is a narrow, dimly-lit tunnel that runs east-west. The ubiquitous blue striations are visible in the walls. Here and there the tunnel walls are powdered with loose alkali.~There are life-readings coming from somewhere inside the tunnel. The reading is faint and equivocal in quality.~the tunnel wall~the cave wall~an impressive north-south mountain range~You have the unique experience of beaming into the heart of a mountain.~the tall northern peaks~You are very surprised to find yourself materializing inside the heart of the mountain. Your transporter technician is very surprised too.~the eastern mountain range~This is a mountain...and with astonishing lack of caution, you have just materialized inside it.~a barren valley encircled by mountains~This is a barren valley encircled by huge mountains. The many blue striations of the stone are clearly visible. There have been many landslides here recently; huge boulders lie scattered around in beds of scree and gravel.~Thousands of life readings and the presence of advanced machinery are coming from the eastern mountains near 7600.8000.~a vast, violent ocean~You have fallen into a violent ocean. There is no time to beam you up. A huge wave hits you so hard that you involuntarily gasp, inhaling bitter tasting water. Your lungs, try to work, then seize up; your body goes into shock, and you sink into darkness.~an immense desert of blowing sky-blue sand~An immense rocky desert with sky-blue sand, broken by mesas and outcroppings of sandstone striped in a thousand shades of blue. There is a sharp taste to the air. The sky is a hard, brilliant blue. There is no sign of motion or life anywhere.~The tricorder shows a faint, confused life reading near 7000.8000. The sand is silica with a complete absence of surface water.~a deep crater~You fall abruptly over the edge of one of the deepest craters you've ever seen. You fall several hundred feet before you hit the side and bounce, hard, five or six times before coming to rest.~a deep crater~You topple headfirst into a very large crater. You scrabble at the sides to try to save yourself, but you succeed only in pulling an ever-increasing shower of stones and gravel down on you. You are buried and crushed under the landslide.~a rocky area, with a large amount of debris~This is a dark crater with a large heap of debris at its center. A low range of hills stands off to the northward. There are a few patches of water ice on the ground. Numerous huge boulders appear to have old scorchmarks on them.~Pitchblende and heavy-metal ore in the crust interfere with scan and communications but there is a large mass of metal nearby.~a deep crater~A shadow conceals the opening of a very deep crater -- into which you fall before anything can be done. You die quickly as you hit the bottom of the crater like a falling stone.~a deep crater~Without any warning the ground goes from under your feet. You have stepped on a crater-edge so weakened by extremes of heat and cold that it crumbles under your weight and dumps you into the thousands of feet of nothingness.~a broad plain scattered with volcanic craters~A broad plain scattered with craters and the cones of extinct volcanoes. The area shows evidence of a violent geological history. Meteoric debris lies about the area and is streaked with once-molten "ejecta" material.~There is a lot of pitchblende and heavy-metal ore in the crust here that interferes with scan and communications.~the largest mountain~An irregularly shaped mountain peak "capped" with helium snow and slicked elsewhere with silvery slush. There are several minor peaks jutting from spurs of the larger one, all rugged and seemingly inaccessible.~The mountain is about a thousand meters high and is unclimbable.~a mountain range that extends east-west~There is a low range of hills not far away from you. None of them is more than about a hundred feet high. They are covered with a great deal of helium slush. Various boulders and hummocks of stone appear around them.~The hills are irregular and jagged with deep craters that may be cave entrances. Thick helium slush covers the hills.~the largest island~You are on a floating island so large that its motion in the helium sea is minimal. It is several miles long and about a mile and a half wide. There are numerous large boulders and small hummocks of stone scattered about in the slush.~This island is made of porous stone. It has some prominent hills and valleys, and toward its interior, a small mountain.~a small, slippery island~You are standing on an island about a hundred meters in diameter, covered with silvery helium slush. It rises and falls in the "sea" a little more slowly and gently than the smaller islands around it.~This island is rising and falling slowly in the helium ocean. Exposure to the liquid will cause equipment and organic matter to freeze.~a tiny island~This a tiny island floating on a helium "ocean".~ Most of the island's mass is under the surface. There are faint signals coming from the west and from the north.~a sea of liquid helium~You have fallen into a silver-grey ocean of liquid helium. The waves move more quickly than water despite the high gravity. The atmosphere is slightly warmer than the "ocean", and so the surface of the liquid helium smokes a little.~an extremely gloomy dungeon~A gloomy maze of corridors walled with stone, lit by an occasional torch. Unhealthy-looking fungi grow on the walls. The smell of damp rot is overwhelming. Sounds of water dripping the clanking of chains and nonhuman voices are faintly heard.~Several small fires and numerous weak life forms are detected. There are nonhominid life readings that are not native to Hastorang.~a "fairy tale" castle~This is a classic castle of the "fairy tale" variety, with spires, arrow shot windows, flying buttresses, a drawbridge and moat. There is a tilting field in front of the castle and pavilions with banners flying in front of them.~Many life forms are detected, some with non-Hastorang physiology. The castle walls are thirty feet thick and there is are tunnels underneath.~a wooden drawbridge~This is the drawbridge, a creaky assemblage of rusty iron and wood far past its prime. The archway to which the drawbridge leads is a long low tunnel with many holes in its ceiling, useful for dropping rocks or molten lead on people.~Many life readings emanate from the castle. There is a particularly strong reading from the moat; also a particularly strong smell.~the castle wall~You have just beamed into the castle wall. Were you asleep during the Transporter Coordinate course at Starfleet Academy, or were you off jimmying the Kobayashi Maru data files that week? Tsk, tsk.~a murky moat~You are in the castle moat. A murky form slides toward you. Just before it grabs you, you think how embarrassing it would be to explain that you were eaten by something that looks like a cross between an octopus and a Labrador retriever.~a large dark cave~This is a huge dark, damp cavern with an odd, burned smell about it. Passages lead off into the darkness. A faint hissing comes from one of the tunnels. You can hear the squeaking as of small creatures nearby and the sound of moaning and screams.~There is movement and gold and iron readings from deeper in the caves. Life form readings are too weak to locate accurately.~the cave wall~You beam straight into the cave wall. Since the structures of human flesh and stone are not mutually compatible, the results are rather messy.~a stone wall~This is a solid stone wall, and you've beamed right into it. Unfortunate. Also icky.~a forest of bizarre trees and strange sounds~You are in a forest full of bizarre trees and creepy noises, hoots and howls and sounds that are reminiscent of laughter. The forest is very dark, and untraveled. You sense that you're being watched by something unseen with a nasty sense of humor.~The tricorder indicates the presence of other life forms, though it is unable to identify them specifically.~the southern landmass~You are on an almost-perfect type M planet. The planet has two major landmasses: this the largest includes the planet's south pole. Large areas of vegetation are visible, and a very large forest in the northeast margin of the continent.~Tricorder reveals an inhabited type M planet about half again the size of the Earth with oxygen-nitrogen atmosphere and salty seas.~the northern landmass~You are on a planet about half again the size of Earth, and an almost-perfect type M, a gorgeous blue jewel. This is the smaller of two continents on this planet.~Tricorder reveals signals coming from somewhere toward the middle of the continent.~a beautiful blue ocean~You are suddenly swimming in a calm blue ocean. The water is quite warm: it's a pity you didn't jump in in your bathing suit instead of full Starfleet kit.~The tricorder indicates the presence of numerous aquatic life forms.~the "master dome" of the Dyson sphere~You are standing under a dome two miles high, in a crystal city full of small antigrav-craft occupied by three types of beings: tall, slender blue hominids, headless tortoises with enameled shells and tall thin holly bushes with berry eyes.~Readings indicate use of matter-antimatter technology throughout the city. Gravity readings are slightly less than one-seventh that of Earth.~a small domed city with methane atmosphere~This is a small planetoid with a solid dome, on the side of the Dyson sphere. The atmosphere inside the dome is methane, and there are only a few dim lights here and there. The dome contains a small city of low, windowless buildings.~The tricorder reveals methane-breathing life forms geared to extreme cold (the temperature is -70 F.) and advanced machinery.~an undomed habitat on the Dyson sphere~This is a domeless habitat exposed to open space. It contains small igloo-shaped buildings, all with open windows.~The tricorder reveals silicon based life readings. There appear to be no machines or other artifacts.~a high barbed-wire barricade~You beamed into a tall barricade of barbed wire. You're dead. Two objects can't occupy the same space at the same time. Didn't your mother tell you to be careful when you go out walking in vacuum.~a squat tower, barely visible in the dim light~You are sucked into a vortex of purplish light, and are ejected into a very dark powdery desert.~a tall tower made up of intersecting rods~You are sucked into a vortex of purplish light, and are ejected onto a brilliant powdery white desert that dazzles your eyes until they adjust themselves to the light.~the "sunny" side~A vast white powdery desert surrounds you. Glistening silicate sand twinkles in the dazzling sunlight. Strange burrows in the landscape and piles of crushed rock show evidence of heavy mining.~The tricorder reveals large amounts of white powdery sand.~the dark side~You are standing in a dark desert of brown powder.~The tricorder reveals large amounts of brown sand.~the planet Achir~a large set of rooms containing ceremonial objects~You are standing in the "museum warren" of the Niauhit den city, a very large set of rooms containing various ceremonial objects, including huge swords, and rich clothing of peculiar hides and fabrics. There are also some skeletons of odd animals. The overall effect is of a very ancient and little-used museum area.~Tricorder shows artifacts of great antiquity containing precious metals, steel and organic material. Some of the organic material is quite new.~a "den city"~A "den city" on Niau, about four kilometers square, carefully landscaped into a wild park. Native wildlife runs free. But underneath the "park" appears to be an extensive series of tunnels, honeycombing the area and holding homes, shops and businesses.~The tricorder indicates that this park overlies a tremendous city, with sophisticated power, including electricity and fusion.~a sandstone ramp~You are standing on a ramp of sandstone blocks, laid so close together that you couldn't get so much as a knife blade between them. The ramp leads up to a city to the north.~The tricorder indicates that this ramp was constructed approximately three hundred years ago. It is tilted at a seven-degree angle.~an impenetrable wall, 500 feet high~You have just beamed into a wall. Luckily you will not have to clean the mess up, being dead.~a large sandstone platform~You are surrounded on all sides by very high walls of native sandstone. Some of them have what seem to be claw marks on them.~The tricorder indicates that the stone of these walls was quarried about five hundred years ago.~a sandstone ramp~This is a sandstone ramp that leads upwards toward a platform to the south.~The tricorder indicates that the stone was quarried about five hundred years ago. The ramp is tilted at a seven-degree angle.~an impenetrable wall, 500 feet high~You have just beamed into a wall. What a waste of good command talent.~a grassy knoll~You are on a grassy knoll in a stretch of wild parkland. Extremely loud wild-animal noses can be heard not far away. There is lush vegetation mostly in the form of small coppices and spinneys of alien trees.~The tricorder indicates considerable activity in the northeast region of the park. Numerous life readings are concentrated there.~an island covered with wild undergrowth~You are on a wild, lush, jungle island -- a thickly forested, semitropical area on the top of a mesa reaching up from the Niauhit ocean.~The tricorder indicates that this island is a former volcanic plug. There is considerable activity in the northeastern region of the island.~the planet Niau~You are swimming in a warm yellow-green ocean...and in uniform, too. What would Starfleet say?!.~The tricorder indicates considerable activity in the water around you.~a barren area~This is an area several kilometers in diameter in which extensive strip mining, has been carried out. Large sections of the claybearing soil have been stripped away through numerous strata, revealing a base layer of reddish stone.~This area has been strip mined by means of advanced energy tools. Undecipherable energy readings are associated with the clay strata.~an impressive canyon~You find yourself standing in thin air over a canyon two thousand meters deep. You have a short flight straight down. Nothing happens to you...at least, nothing happens until you hit the ground....~a heavily-travelled road leading north-south~This is a dirt road. The roadbed is nothing but packed clay, and is severely rutted by the wheels of heavy machinery.~The tricorder indicates the presence of radioactive residues in the roadbed, of the sort left by heavy earthmoving machinery.~a heavily-travelled road leading east-west~This is a dirt road leading eastward and westward. It is severely rutted, as if there has been much heavy traffic here.~The tricorder indicates the presence of radiation residues in the road of the sort left by the engines of earthmoving equipment.~a large pit full of liquid~You are in a large horrible smelling pit full of liquids and solids. You realize with disgust (and great annoyance) that this is a toxic waste dump, and you are shortly going to dissolve. Oh well...some days are like that.~Jauzah, a brown clay covered world~This is the planet which Starfleet has designated as "Jauzah", a brown world covered with clay like soils and outcroppings of stone, but very little else.~Tricorder readings indicate the presence of many types of clay. There are no life readings, but there are peculiar low-level energy readings.~a small prison cell~You are in jail..a small, confining area that bears an unnerving resemblance to all the other jails you have ever been in.~The tricorder indicates a lifeform nearby, moving toward you at considerable speed.~prison bars~You have beamed right into the wall of a jail. Not that the kind of wall makes much difference, since your body's attempt to coexist with it is not successful. In other words...you're dead, Jim.~a huge domed building with pentagonal archways~You are standing under a vast, glassy, bubble type structure. The center is dominated by a huge central dome, the seat of government.~The tricorder indicates numerous life forms and machinery all around you.~a glass city~The main city on Klusos has mostly long, low structures. There are a few high-rises, typically broader at the base and tapering toward the top, to resist the fierce wind. The buildings are all made of an iridescent glassy substance.~The tricorder indicates numerous lifesigns in the area, and much sophisticated use of energy, including antimatter technology.~a clear long highway~You are standing in a long tunnel made up of clear cubes stretching east-west.~The tricorder indicates that the tunnel and the roadway inside it are made of the same glass like substance.~a high-class city dwelling~You are standing next to a bunch of tall, well-built structures, densely packed on all sides, with vehicles parked beneath them.~Tricorder readings indicate the presence of many life forms in this area, with much sophisticated use of energy.~a low-class city dwelling~You are standing near a band of low, poorly built glass buildings~The tricorder indicates numerous life forms in this area, but relatively little energy use.~a wide tunnel of clear cubes leading north-south~You are in a major transport highway made up of cubes linked together into a highway that is five stories high. The road runs in a north-south direction.~Tricorder readings indicate the presence of many vehicles, using matter/antimatter technology, traversing the highway at great speed.~a huge complex of towers and hangars~You are standing next in an area covered with huge and powerful machinery, transport equipment and spacecraft in various stages of assembly. Fuel refining towers dot the landscape.~Tricorder readings indicate the presence of numerous fusion reactors and matter/antimatter breeder-converter assemblies.~a well-travelled road leading to the northern mines~You are on a major north-south transport highway made of five story high cubes linked together.~Tricorder indicates many heavy vehicles using matter-antimatter converters and moving at great speed. Energy readings come from the north.~a mining pit~You are surrounded by cliffs of pure silicone sand, dug out by large scooping machines. Conveyer chutes crisscross to low flat mining plants at the base of the hills. Vehicles are everywhere. Everyone is too busy to pay any attention to you.~The tricorder indicates the presence of some low-level radiation from the large earthmoving machinery.~Klusos, a world with an acid atmosphere~Unfortunately the human body is not designed to cope with a planet whose atmosphere is 96% corrosive acids. You are corroded to death almost before you know what happened.~This is a ruined building. Scattered around are works of art, broken and hidden under dust. The only intact object is a huge colossus with humanoid characteristics.  An ancient monk meditates in the corner.~you are in an ancient ruined building.~High-energy particle bombardment occurred here 700 years ago. There is no trace of equipment. There are low level humanoid life readings.~the temple wall~You have beamed into the wall of an ancient temple. Even the gods can not help you here.~a small island~You are on a small island covered with various kinds of low scrub like vegetation. There is a great deal of motion, as if a great many somethings were moving about in the brush.~The tricorder indicates the presence of small animals and faint indications of a power source south of the island.~a small lake~You are in a little lake...and getting soggy.~The tricorder reports that this lake is full of water.~a small trail~This is a small dirt trail, apparently used by a small number of people on a regular basis.~The tricorder indicates that ten or fifteen people have passed this way within the last several hours.~a narrow path~You are on a narrow path which seems only to have been used by a few people recently.~Tricorder readings indicate that someone carrying a low-level radiation source has been down this path within the past few weeks.~an impenetrable jungle~You have beamed into a jungle so dense and intertwined that it's not possible for anything to live there...including you.~a clear, pink lake~This is a small lake whose waters appear clear pink in color.~The tricorder indicates that the pink color is due to iron oxides in the sands, and refraction due to high nitrogen content of the atmosphere.~a small road~This is a paved road, apparently used on a regular basis.~The tricorder indicates that this is a busy road. There are markings that indicate heavy use in the east-west direction.~a town of about forty houses~This is a town of about forty houses, some quite modern-looking, some thatched and having walls of wattle and daub -- or of reinforced concrete.~The tricorder indicates that this village uses both modern and ancient building materials. There are life signs of humanoid creatures in the area.~a small town with a dirt road~This is a small town with buildings of different sizes, ranging from tiny one-room cottages to a temple of some kind built partly of hewn stone and partly of concrete.  The town has one small unpaved road which stops at the temple.~The tricorder indicates an unusual mixture of modern and archaic building materials -- concrete and thatch, hewn stone and steel I-beams.~a large planet covered with impassable forests~This is the planet Tshio, a large planet covered with nearly impassable forests.  There are several small oceans and numerous largish lakes.~The tricorder indicates high-energy sources, such as particle accelerators or matter/antimatter converters; but is unable locate them.~a city~This is a city built of a peculiar combination of plastics and glassy substances.  The buildings come in a wide variety of bizarre, organic-looking shapes.~The tricorder indicates that the city's buildings are mostly of long-chain plastics that were spun or grown to order on the spot.~a road leading east-west~This is a long, east-west running road of some white substance.~The tricorder indicates that this road is made of a tailored plastic of great toughness.~the main landmass~The dull violet-red ground around you has a slick, soapy feeling. You see plant life in a mad profusion of colors and shapes. Some nearby buildings are apparently the suburbs of a city and there is a road of some white metallic-looking substance.~The tricorder indicates that these plants are living plastic formed of a DNA analogue that works with long-chain molecules like plastics.~a road leading from the city to the beach~This is a road of some white substance, which leads from the city to the nearby beach.  There is a fair amount of vehicular traffic on it.~The tricorder indicates that this road is built of a plastic. It was extruded rather than applied like an asphalt or metalled road.~a beach near a main city~You are on a "beach" strewn with a bizarre combination of stones, plastic slush and a thick reddish soup. In the distance is a spaceport, with numerous low buildings. Farther off is a large city, with many oddly curved tall buildings.~Tricorder readings indicate that the beach contains hydrocarbon compounds undergoing complex biochemical changes in contact with the land.~the southern "beach"~You are on the southern "beach". The beach is strewn with a bizarre combination of stones and plastic slush: the ocean washing up and down it is a thick reddish soup.~The tricorder is picking up elementary life readings from the substrata of the beach. A simple, plastic based life form is evolving in the sand.~a road leading from the beach to a spaceport~This is a short road leading from a beach area to the nearby spaceport.  There is a fair amount of vehicular traffic in transit.~The road is made of extruded plastic. Some of the vehicles passing by are using matter/antimatter conversion power.~a spaceport~A spaceport of long, low buildings built of various kinds of plastics and plastic compounds, with numerous hangar facilities, office compounds, labs, shops, and recreational facilities.~The tricorder indicates the presence of numerous life forms, and high-energy readings that indicate matter/antimatter conversion.~the mountains~You have beamed into the middle of a mountain made of plastic. Unfortunately, you can't get away with it any more than you could get away with beaming into the middle of a stone mountain.~the planet Khut~You are in a sea of benzene on an R-type planet with a hydrocarbon-based ecology and an extremely intelligent and reclusive species in residence. The planet has many seas of benzene and other such hydrocarbon compounds.~The tricorder indicates that the ocean is a solution of benzene and liquid plastics. The atmosphere contains benzene compounds.~a ship in flames~Look out! You came too close to the ship! You are burned alive along with the rest of your crew, who followed you faithfully.~the crash site~A wide barren area of rocks, sand and salt pans. An alien spacecraft has crashed here; smoke and flames are rising from its shattered hull. The craft shimmers oddly, and sometimes it almost seems to disappear.~The tricorder reveals a crashed alien ship with some computer activity. Faint nonhominid life signs come from inside the ship.~a Rird engineering facility~This is a Rird engineering facility. It is a series of long low buildings built of "chameleon" materials that blend in with the yellow-brown desert around them. Some of the buildings are huge hangars housing Rird spacecraft of various sizes.~The tricorder reveals advanced energy sources at work using matter-antimatter conversion. Many nonhominid life-form readings are present.~a vast desert~This is a wide barren area of rocks, sand and salt pans, possibly a former sea bottom.  The large boulders littering the area seem to be arranged in some kind of pattern.~The tricorder reveals the landscape to be unremarkable.~the chief's hut~You are in the hut of the chief of the Hwount village. It is littered with bits of bone, stone and wood tied together in bizarre configurations. There are woven mats on the floor, and a window with another woven mat hung in front of it.~The tricorder indicates a number of articles of native manufacture and a spot on the floor where someone built a fire inside the house.~a witch doctor's hut~You are in the hut belonging to the Hwount witch doctor.  It is very clean and contains numerous pots, baskets, bowls, pans, bottles, boxes and other unclassifiable crudely made containers, and containing unidentifiable substances. ~The tricorder indicates the presence of drug like substances in pots, bottles and containers. The tricorder cannot ascertain their uses.~the women's hut~You are in the hut of the women of the Hwount village. It is full of every kind of tool for heavy work imaginable: picks, shovels, post-hole diggers, huge panniers, crowbars, stone axes and crude saws, to name just a few. The place is a mess.~The tricorder indicates that the level of craftsmanship of the tools is surprisingly high, although they look incredibly crude.~the men's hut~You are in a hut belonging to some of the men of the Hwount village.  The place is full of bright-colored clothes, much unidentifiable junk, and the dishes from several years' worth of meals.~The tricorder indicates that the dishes have not been done for approximately a decade.~the children's hut~You are in a hut belonging to some of the Hwount village's children.  It is littered with clothes, crude toys, and numerous pets, most of which are sleeping, and one of which is attempting (unsuccessfully) to eat the rug.~The rug is made of woven straw, as are most of the toys.  It also indicates that one of the pets having puppies (or something).~the grass and mud hut wall~You have just beamed into the wall of a mud hut. It is just dense enough to kill you.  Sorry about that.~a grass and mud hut wall~You have beamed into the wall of the hut belonging to the witch doctor of the Hwount village.  Unfortunately, it's solid enough that not even he can save you.  Sorry.~the grass and mud hut wall~You have beamed into the wall of the women's hut in the Hwount village.  They are very annoyed, since as you do so (and explode) you also ruin one of their best shovels.~a grass and mud hut wall~You have just beamed into the wall of the men's hut in the Hwount village.  The splattering ruins most of their best clothes.~a mud and grass hut wall~You have just beamed into the wall of the children's hut in the Hwount village.  They are fascinated, and applaud wildly as you explode.~a village of crude huts~You are in a primitive-looking village with one muddy street. The street is lined with crude mud-brick houses with thatched roofs.~The tricorder indicates that there are several small cooking fires burning... but there's nothing else of interest.~a mountain range high above the valley~This is a range of mountains above the Hwount valley. They are not high enough to have snow on them and are covered with tall trees for about two thirds their height. Then the trees dwindle into scrub.~The tricorder indicates that the mountain range is geologically rather old and worn down.~an rapid river which flows north-south~This is a fast-flowing river with rapids, flowing along a north-south line.  In places it is extremely turbulent and looks perfect for white-water rafting.~The tricorder indicates that the current is moving at 60 kilometers/hour.  The water temperature is about 25 degrees C.~a bend in the rapid river~This is a bend in the river, where the rapids become particularly lively.  Here the numerous rocks and boulders have piled up quite close to the surface.~The tricorder indicates that the water here is moving at nearly 70 kilometers per hour.~an rapid river which empties into a swamp~This is a north-south running river, with rapids, which diminish until the water empties into a large swampy area.~The tricorder indicates that there is a very large amount of wildlife living in and around this part of the river.~a swamp~This is a large swampy area full of aquatic and semi-aquatic plants.  There is a lot of movement visible (or partially visible) amid the plant life.~The tricorder indicates that there is a considerable amount of alien animal life living in the swamp area.~a muddy planet~There is nothing as far as the eye can see but mud, a lot of it...and you are sinking in it.~The tricorder indicates mud...lots and lots and LOTS of mud.~a hologram library~This is a center for the temporary acquisition of holographic media.~The tricorder indicates a huge data storage area, using both primitive physical holograms, and advanced storage-generated hologram analogues.~a plaza of miniature game show prizes~This is a small plaza littered with archaic merchandise: lounge furniture, 20th and 21st century automobiles and mobile homes, television receivers, housewares, crockery, and appliances that clean clothes or dishes with water.~The tricorder identifies the presence of cars, washing machines, furniture, appliances, and various housewares: then threatens to overload.~a science fiction bookstore area~A well-stocked bookstore, with bookshelves featuring signs like "THE LONG-AWAITED SEQUEL TO "THE WHITE DRAGON STRIKES BACK'!", and "FINALLY BANNED IN BOSTON: "THE DOOR INTO TUPPERWARE'!!" and projection TV's showing old westerns and ape movies.~Many examples of predictive-analytical literature (referred to as "sci-fi," as in, "If you like science fiction, you'll love Sciffy") are present.~an entertainment park.~An area full of vision screens all showing entertainment presentations of a repetitive (and presumably humorous) nature (since the sound of people laughing emanates constantly from the viewing screens).~The tricorder is unable to make sense of the semantic content of the entertainments, especially "Get back in the bottle, Jeannie!".~a historical movie library~This is an area full of transparent projection media (movies), being shown on video and projection screens.  Some of them are so ancient that the color seems to have leached out of them entirely and left them black and white.~The tricorder refuses to analyze any movie except one. Then, it begins saying, over and over, "Here's looking at you, kid."~an electronic antique exhibition~This is a large collection of ancient pre-duotronic equipment.  There are many crude machines whose purpose seems to be the playback of magnetic image tape onto video monitors. ~The tricorder attempts to analyze the one machine showing people wearing black leather having rice thrown at them. It then malfunctions briefly.~a fantasy cartoon world~A bizarre collection of projected morality plays, mostly involving the intrinsically evil nature of cats and the basic goodness and innocence of mice and a story concerning a flightless bird and the unfortunate predator who keeps trying to catch it.~The tricorder spends several fruitless minutes examining the cryptic statement "Beep beep!" for hidden semantic content.~the TV mall~You are in an open mall on the outskirts of a city of alien architecture. The mall is surrounded by crazed-looking skyscrapers leaning at ridiculous angles.~The tricorder indicates the presence of hundreds of life-forms and many sophisticated power sources in the surrounding area.~a large alien city~This is a street in a large, busy alien city.  Bhrf citizens are hurrying in all directions, apparently without purpose;  some of them stop in mid-career and rush back the way they have just come - then turn around and repeat the process.~The tricorder detects many advanced energy sources, and the much-repeated statement, "Hurry up, we'll be late for the soaps!"~a spaceport~A spaceport designed by an architect with a taste for Saurian brandy. Its buildings lean crazily in every direction, just missing the spacecraft parked between them. Many vehicles, whizz madly around the area.~The tricorder indicates the presence of matter/antimatter technology, use of atomic fuels, and several thousand poor quality packaged meals.~detention center~This is a large building surrounded by prettily landscaped grounds and gardens. From the building come various hoots, squeals, and other loud and interesting noises indicating Bhrfs having a very good time.~The tricorder indicates many Bhrfs with slightly skewed interior chemistry and a sign that reads, "Bhrf Municipal Bin for the Tubed-Out".~the planet Bhrf~This is a large open area with a bright pink grasslike growth covering it. Nothing can be seen in any direction. The air is filled with numerous insects, buzzing around noisily.~The tricorder indicates multitudinous flying insects, and many small burrowing life forms. Some have unusually high life readings.~a small rocky island~You are on a small rocky island completely surrounded by water. The sky is green; the sea is turquoise. A quarter mile away is a group of magenta-colored creatures. You can't see what they're doing because they're too far away.~The tricorder reveals nothing but an island of igneous stone, with numerous small life-forms on it.~a small rocky island~You are on a small rocky island completely surrounded by water. The sky is green; the sea is turquoise. Nothing is to be seen anywhere but rocks and lichen.~Tricorder analysis reveals an stone island with lichen and algae on the rocks. There are peculiar readings out in the water.~an earth-type ocean~You are in an earth-type ocean full of aquatic life forms, mostly vegetable. The temperature is approximately 10 degrees C and there is a slight current pulling you towards the west.~Readings indicate a complex interrelated ecology, not unlike that of earth's oceans.~a warm blue ocean~This is a blue, Mediterranean-looking ocean.  The water is quite warm.~This ocean's salinity is slightly lower than that of an equivalent ocean on Earth. The water temperature is 78 degrees F.~the atmosphere of a green-banded gas giant~You have beamed into the upper atmosphere of a green-banded gas giant. There is nothing here but methane and helium. As you are pulled downward into the eye of a methane storm the pressure crushes you into pea-sized mass of organic matter.~a bare planet~This is a patch of dry-looking, soft ground.~The tricorder picks up nothing whatever of interest.~a barren plain~This is a barren plain devoid of vegetation.~Tricorder readings indicate only ordinary rock formations.~a dead planet with many volcanos~This is a dead planet with many active volcanos. You see the smoke and ash from eruptions about you. There are no signs of life.~Readings indicate volcanic activity, sulfur and ash, but no life or other energy readings.~a very big crystalline moon~This is a huge moon largely composed of quartz and other crystalline materials.  The moon seems to have had a violent geological history and is covered with craters and huge spikes ... of crystalline elements. ~Readings indicate large amounts of quartz and various other silicon-based compounds.~a deadly moon~The surface of this moon is covered with a yet unknown acid that dissolves your suit and you along with it.~a deadly moon~The surface of this moon is composed of a deadly radioactive gas. You begin to glow before the molecules in your body turn to liquid.~a dead moon covered in dust~This is a dead moon whose surface is covered with a layer of dust. There is only a powdery pockmarked surface as far as you can see.~Tricorder indicates a fine dust formation covering the entire moon. No signs of life and no energy sources.~a dead moon with empty ocean~A moon whose surface is covered with an empty ocean. There are no signs of life.~Readings indicate that there has been no life present on the surface of this moon for more than three billion years.~The Rird captain says, "We are in your debt and wish to help. We offer you our device that makes ships appear like Klingon vessels." An odd-looking object appears in the transporter room as the Rird captain makes his farewells.~There is a tremendous explosion...and when the smoke clears, the alien ship is nothing but scattered twisted metal and much smoke, billowing upward and drifting away. No member of the ship's crew survives.~A small group of Ornae, bearing tools, board your ship. Then, to your astonishment, they return to you. You look at them, slightly confused. "Couldn't you fix it?" you say. They look at you with smug satisfaction.~"Aspasia," cries the wizard, "where have you been?" The Princess shouts, "Where you locked me up and forgot me." The wizard sighs, "I might as well forgive you, you'll do what you like anyway. And you, thank you for getting her out of the storeroom."~"You'll have to excuse us," says the wizard, "we haven't had lunch for several weeks now." And they vanish." "Thank you," says the princess flinging her arms around you before she vanishes, also. You stand there rubbing your face thoughtfully.~You slip and fall down a long, narrow chute. Suddenly you hit something solid and fall through a door onto the dungeon floor. Getting up, you brush yourself off and look around. Then you hear cries like those of a young woman calling for help.~As the smoke clears you notice a small shape lying on the ground where the dragon had been. Looking closely, you see it is a young Hastorangit man, apparently dead. His illusion, broken now...for good.~Slowly, tall catlike aliens appear from the wooded ground of the parkland. They gather in great numbers around you. One of them, a particularly tall lion-maned alien, appears to be their leader. It looks at you obliquely out of slit-pupilled eyes.~More and more Niau are slipping in to join the crowd surrounding you. The looks of the closest Niau are more than threatening: they are positively hungry.~Spock puts his hands on the leader's face. Soon, the Tshihin looks up in sorrow. "We hoped you were one of the Old Gods. But you are not. Go now, and pardon our intrusion." You are escorted into the open, they bow most formally, and depart.~"Nay then," says the Niau, "here's poor prey, that won't run nor fight nor make aught for mind's teeth nor mouth's teeth to sink into. Fair friends, let's away and hunt brisker game."And as silently as they came, they all melt into the woodland.~A great number of Klusids come out to meet you. "The covered are improper," says their leader. "Only criminals hide from the world. Seize them." You are escorted to a small, glassy cell and left under the care of an annoyed-looking Klusid guard.~The Klusid peers at Naraht. "At last a being who is not covered. Welcome." "My people," says Naraht, "can't survive your air. Won't you let them move freely, even if they must be covered?" "As long as you are with them, let them walk here."~Naraht tastes the substance. "It's a Klingon shipbuilding alloy. There's no mistaking the nasty flavor." The Klusid adds, "They came from 6400,27000,27300 and met our ships with pressure weapons made from the little ray that pushes.~The guard looks at you with an expression of utter loathing, shouts in your face, and then turns away.~You go flying through the tunnel and, with astonishing abruptness, appear on the other side of the planet.~McCoy takes a tricorder reading. "Dammit, I'm a doctor, not a landscape contractor." Then, he gets a peculiar look on his face. "This stuff is alive. Its sick but it can be mended with some help. By God, I'm going to cure this hillside." McCoy  beams the clay mound up....Days later you stand in the same spot. "We've done it, Jim. I guess I have a green thumb after all. Let's get going, we have other work to do."~Somewhat to your surprise, a Bhrf approaches, apparently very interested in you. It insists on following you everywhere you go around the planet.~A Bhrf grabs the tape from you. "My word," it cries! "A first-generation videotape! You're so kind, one of our people will go with you. Keep him close. He might be useful." And the Bhrf scurry off doing Humphrey Bogart imitations.~A large group of aliens approach, and look at you with what you can tell (despite their lack of faces) is a rather upset expression.~A great number Earth-humans dressed like old Japanese approach you. They look at Spock curiously. "His mind is like ours," says their leader. Without another word, the mob rushes forward, grabs Spock, and hustles him away.~Excerpts from SFC Special Regulations for the Kobayashi Alternative.   <THE PRIME DIRECTIVE OF NONINTERFERENCE> No Federation personnel shall interfere with the normal development of non-Federation life or societies unless such interference is vital to the safety and interests of the Federation as a whole.   <0324.52> Command personnel shall become familiar with all printed materials and computer data prior to proceeding with any mission.   <4034.67> Identify yourself by name to all alien beings.   <4036.22> Inform all beings that you come in peace.   <4036.23> Ascertain the identity and/or species of all alien entities.   <4044.03> Caution is advised in the use of telepathy.   <8023.88> Personnel may "fan out," on a planet's surface, but must remain in radio contact at all times.~The intense heat hits you so fast and so hard that you barely have time to realize what's happening before you die. And by then, realizing what's happened does you no good; your ashes are already scattering.~You sink in the violent water. Before you can hold your breath half a gallon of liquid is in your lungs. You go into shock almost instantly. There's no second breath. Try wearing a spacesuit next time.~The cold, so intense it burns, hits you and throws you straight into massive systemic shock. The last thing you are aware of is your eyeballs frosting over. Within a few minutes you are a statue. Next time, remember your coldgear.~The massive gravitational field grabs you, pulls you down and smashes you flatter than a pan pizza. The burial detail will have to scrape you up with putty knives and mail you home in an envelope. Next time wear spacesuit.~A security detachment arrives and takes you into custody. You struggle, but they hold you firmly, looking at you with great disappointment. You're taken to Sickbay, where McCoy is waiting. He shakes his head as they strap you down. "Damn," he says.~You materialize in the space occupied by another object. This is unfortunate for the other object, and very unfortunate for you. Repeat as often as necessary: "No two objects can occupy the same space at the same time." And check your coordinates.~You see the blinding flash as the magnetic antimatter bottle expires and the vast power is forced inward, toward its own heart. In the presence of the hyperpressor beams, fusion happens thousands of times faster than usual. A star is being born. So is something else. Across the Bridge from you, Spock falls back in his seat with a cry. Then you feel it too. This is the birth of more than a star, and your mind is full of that being's knowledge. Quickly, the union falls away. You are James T. Kirk again. Someone shouts, and points at the screen. A line of fire reaches out from the newborn star and a Klingon vessel vanishes. "Even normal stars lase, Captain," says Spock. "It is not illogical to theorize that a sentient star might do so at will. "Without warning, the star bursts out in hundreds of beams of blinding fire. A second later the deadly web work is gone. So are the Klingons...every last one of them. You look at your Bridge crew in shock as someone speaks in your head. <My name is Eliake.>, she says. "It was the same technique so elliptically described by the Hwount," Spock says to you, Sulu and McCoy, some nights after Enterprise is well on her way back. "Starfleet will be sending a team to support her," you say. "I wish I knew how she figured out which was the right side, us or them." Spock puts his eyebrow up at you. "Even in mindmeld, she could hardly tell right from wrong in the first three seconds of her life," he said. "But she could tell life from not-life, and discern who was promoting which of them. It is not the worst place to start one's choices." Sulu adds, "True. I just hope the Klingons don't start building another of those starbirth setups somewhere else." Spock looks very thoughtful. "I doubt that the Klingons will continue the research that cost them half their battle fleet." Meanwhile, you will go on to the next job, you think. But not right this minute... Your score and choice of options during your command of the Enterprise indicate that your performance has fallen inside the "nominal solution window" for the Heinlein recovery scenario. In other words, you've passed! Congratulations. May you do as well in future simulations...and of course in life. (signed) James T. Kirk (Adm.) Adviser to the Commandant, Star Fleet Academy.~The hull of the Enterprise screams around you, the sound that's haunted your nightmares for most of your life...now comes terribly true. There isn't even time for explosive decompression, or fire, or a final scream. There's nothing but the blinding white violence of the antimatter rupturing its containers and instantly annihilating the matter of the ship that contained it...then, afterwards, nothing at all.~Your return home is hailed until they find out that you came home without accomplishing your mission. As you await court-martial, you wish you had flown the Enterprise into a supernova. Next time you go out, don't come back until you're done.~The Vulcans are pleased to see you. Spock visits his family where his father asks repeatedly why he failed to complete the mission. He gives up his commission in disgrace and goes into the highlands of Gol to take up a life of meditation.~A blinding flash of matter-antimatter. In the awful pressure, fusion happens thousands of times faster. You and your people are dead, Sulu is lost forever. Worst of all, you failed your mission. Then the nova fire reaches Enterprise's hull...~With a terrible grinding roar the roof falls in and buries everything...including you. It's a good thing you won't have to explain this to Starfleet....~The dragon looks at you immensely amused. "Didn't believe in dragons, did you? it says. "What did you think this was -- a game?" Before you can do anything, it opens its mouth and blows fire at you with terrible force burning you to a crisp."~You have just done one of the worst things any Starfleet commander can do. By being careless, or willful, or capricious, or otherwise negligent, you have caused the needless death of one of your crew. Starfleet recalls you immediately.~The people of Achir don't take kindly to having their citizens murdered by backward visitors from uncivilized planets. They impound your vehicle and throw you into a dark, secure dome ...forever~The head Niau looks at you hungrily. "Ye're nothin' canny, that's sure," he says, "for all saw how you came out of the air. But 'tis a shame to waste good meat. So at them, and pick the bones!" Before you can react, the mob leaps at you, yowling.~You have just ceased to inhabit this plane of existence. Or to put it as succinctly as possible:You're dead, Jim. Better luck next time.~You have just died. The ensuing memorial service is very touching, but think of the huge investment Starfleet made in your training, all wasted now. Try it again, and be more careful this time. A starship captain is a terrible thing to waste.~You are dead. Now McCoy and Spock are going to have to read your will again...and they're not going to be any happier about it than they were the last time. Try it again. And this time, think before you do whatever you did that got you killed.~Unfortunately, this mission did not allow the luxury of dying on the job: too many trillions of lives depended upon it. You can always try it again. Do so...and be careful the next time. A commander's life is not hers or his to throw away.~

ALIENS.TXT
Long back we here:not live. Otherwhere:we live. Gods : lonely were. Clouds they:found. Clouds they:pushed; held so. Trees down:fall. Middle clouds god:hit together things. Things:matter. Things:not matter. In head clouds gods:talked. Then sun:talks!~Of you:many heard.~Our nest:holes has.~What did:say you?~Your question:familiar is not.~Our friends:us like.~Left we:speechless are.~Found:Lost and.~eons us: betrayed have.~Be eaten:want not:we! Fields : too late; go:to. Sky thing:came down. Burning:was much. Down trees:have been falling. Where sky:have put? Used up stories : all are. Next week:die we. Help:need we:your.~I do not understand.~I didn't understand that, and if you can't make yourself better understood, an allegedly intelligent creature like you, I'm not going to discuss it.~Yes, we know. Though I must tell you you look a great deal like a policeman I've seen somewhere.~I've heard *that* line before. We'll see.~We're called the Bhrf, and I am the Entelecht of this planet, which is also called Bhrf. My name is Matt Dillon. That is my ceremonial name, of course: my "name of office". The other one I can't tell you: you'd just put me on a mailing list.~Klingons? What's Klingons? Isn't that something you put in during the rinse cycle? Never mind.~Possibly....~Of course I can! You're speaking English, aren't you? Would another language work better? Russian? Urdu? Switzerdeutsch, perhaps? Well, never mind.~Pardon? You're looking for a sushi restaurant? -- Oh, you're not? Sorry...can't help you.  Hope you find your friend real soon now.~Greetings and salad dressings!~I'm afraid I don't understand that. I must be missing something in the context.~Not at home, but if they're here, I can sense them for you. I can sense anything there *is* to be sensed.~I am a Bhrf assigned to your ship by my people, to help you in whatever way I can. Also to pick up some new videotapes.~I should hope so.~And a cheery Hello right back at you. Sir.~Baa.~Friend.~Jolly good!~I do not understand what a \kirk\ is, but we know about visitors from other places and if you do not kill us like the others who came here, then you are welcome.~Peace, yes. An admirable concept. We are rather fond of it.~I am one of the song-makers.~There are none here that I know of.~Let us hope so.~Quite well. I am not one of those poor rockwalkers, that can only repeat what they hear.~I am sorry but I do not know what or where this "sulu" is.~This is getting extremely boring, so why don't you just drop the subject?~Really?~That's a relief. We won't have to eliminate you, then.~My name is Istidh hh'sahael and I'm a Harapha. Which you must have come from a long way off not to know. Even a tourist knows a Harapha when it sees one.~No. Listen, here's my number, come up and see me sometime, 306-028-172-25879.~Really? Then you won't mind lending me money.~No. That's how I'm answering your questions.~Listen, if you can't keep track of your own friends, what am *I* supposed to do about it?....~Sorry, I don't give interviews.~You tourists are always asking questions... do I look like I live to serve?~Delighted to meet you. I am Sahai ta-Hisarie, and I am an Asuia, which I see you are not.~It's always nice to hear that. What can I do for you? I'm late for work.~I am Sahai ta-Hisarie, and I am an Asuia, which I see you are not.~Nasty beasts! The ones from 14900.27300.25000?  No, I think that's someone else.~Well, that's rather difficult to tell, don't you see, because we've just met.~Quite well.~Sorry. I wouldn't know.~Right. Look, I'm too busy now. We don't need your help.~That's nice.~Oh. Then you want the tourist center. The next dome to your left.~I'm a Melucht, if it's any of your business, which I'm not sure it is.~Just what we need. More friends. There are six trillion of us here already.~Only too well. Just what was it you wanted?~qqkd qcqqd yqq~qqH ww qqddpq qqpp?~thh QqqD hhhdQ hh?!~Q kkqk ddrdrd dddhq llkq....~qqwt XQQU!~Thhhhq qqdp ddpq dd!~Jqqquqq hhhihhhhq hhwrl ffqdp?~gg!~Tp ddhq...?~I haven't the slightest idea what you're talking about.~Sorry, I don't understand. Try again, or say something else.~And I am one of the Ornae and I can fix anything.~How else would you come?~I am an Ornae, master mechanic.~Here and there. We try to stay out of their way, so we have no real news to tell of them.~I certainly hope so.~If you don't think too fast, certainly.~Sorry, I have no idea.~Hello yourself!~You speak in mysterious words, stranger. Clean up your act or we'll turn you into a newt.~That's nice.~Well, that won't get you far in this neighborhood, *that's* certain!~We are wizards, as you could tell if your eyes were open.~You mean pale creatures like you, but with beards and strange eyebrows? They've been here, but the dragon kept eating them. They were looking for metal, I think. They took off to around coordinates 6300,6800,29000.~That's a relief.~Only too well.~What's a Sulu? No, don't tell us. We have enough problems as it is. Anyway, we certainly don't know.~Hello to you too.~Do you always stand around asking such silly questions in moments of crisis?....~Fine, and I am the Princess Aspasia, now let's get moving! You're here to rescue me!~Who cares?~I am the Princess Aspasia of the Hastorangit, are you blind? Get me out of here and my father will reward you richly!~You do ask the oddest questions at the oddest times. No I haven't; I haven't seen anything but dragons and bugs, and I don't want to see *those* any closer than I have!!~Then prove it and get me the glitch out of here!~Of course! You're using a translation spell, which means you're a wizard, and from the looks of you, a white wizard, so get us *out* of here before something awful happens!~He's not in *here*, that's for sure!~Hi there. Mind getting me out of here? There isn't time for the social amenities just now.~We haven't the slightest idea what you're talking about...sorry. But come kill the dragon, oh *do*! Quickly, to the cave!~Good, then you've come to kill the dragon. He's in the cave!~That's fine, as long as you're not feeling peaceful toward the dragon.~We are poor people being terrorized by the dragon! Which, if you have the merest shred of human decency, you will now go kill for us.~No, there's nothing around here but us and the dragon in the cave.~We certainly hope so.~Yes, your spell is working just fine.~You have got to be kidding.~How interesting. I love imported gourmet food.~It's a pity you didn't come in pieces. But I can take care of that.~Take a good guess.~Seen them? I've eaten them. Stupid, but spicy.~Fine. There's nothing a dragon likes better than a meal with friends....~I can understand that you've walked into a dragon's den. Everything else is, shall we say, gravy....~Unless I've eaten him, I'm sure I don't know.~Hello. And goodbye.~What strange eyes you have.~Another curs'd invader! Come closer, hairless thing, and be lunch!~Like the last lot did? Then you shall fare as they did, in joints and choice cuts!~One of the Niau am I, and one about to dine well!~I know not what Klinna are, but if they taste as good as you promise to, I'd wish to see them indeed!~Ha, is't true? You'll be kinder yet to the belly when you're in it, then!~Too well, and not for long, I'll be bound!~Nay, no more than you shall soon be seen in the bright air of day!~Strangers, I understand ye not.~So I have heard.~I've been told that.~A Niau am I, and curator of this warren.~Stranger, I know not a Klinna. I know only what you see here.~That shall be seen by your behavior, strangers.~Ay, though the art of it is beyond me.~I know not a Silla. stranger.~I greet ye, stranger. Welcome to the museum.~Your meaning is not clear to us.~That is well, but why do you separate yourself?~We will allow as much for the time being.~We are a councillor of the Klusids.~Your meaning is uncertain to us.~If this is true you may be welcome. But it is not usually true.~Yes.~I do not know what you are talking about.~Greetings. ~I would not know. And have you nothing better to do than interrupt people at their work?~You are a stranger, I can see that much. And a heathen, from the looks of you. You should seek out a councillor, or the folk in the mines, where such as you may be handled.~And would that you would leave me in it! Go to the mines, to the north and to the east, where your kind's business is dealt with!~I am a good Klusid, and may not talk to infidels. You must excuse me. Go to the mines in the northeast: they can help you there.~I don't know what you mean.~You could have fooled me, from the look of you.~I can indeed. But I would rather not.~Who? Sorry, I do not know.~I greet you, though I must say it is terrible that you are covered.~Oh, go away and let me be!~Fine, just do not get in the way of my digging. I have a quota.~Good. Hold my shovel.~I am a Klusid, and a miner.~Down here? There's nothing down here but metal and ore.~Good. Just hold up that rock while I work.~Yes, but I don't understand why you keep blathering at me while I'm trying to get work done.~Who? Sorry, I haven't any idea what you're talking about.~Hello. Stay out of my light. Why have you got those blasphemous coverings on? Never mind.~I'm not sure.~I understand.~You must not tell me so much about yourself; it could be dangerous.~I cannot tell you so much about myself without your help.~I cannot tell you so much without your help, but try 14926.27312.25008, they might know something there. They like your kind.~You do not know who I am:  how can you say that?~Yes.~If I knew, I could not tell you.~Safety to all your secrets.~It is well said that one who answers no questions tells no lies...especially when he does not understand the question.~This one is your humble servant, less than the dust beneath your chariot wheels. Though you seem not to have a chariot at the moment.~One travelling in the path of the wise would be the first to agree that it would be the utmost presumption to tell you what might be none of your business.~It would be a wise man who would know a Klingon when he saw one. Of course, until he had seen one, there would be no way to tell what he was looking at.~It is truly said that the test of friendship is best never made, lest the friend pass it, and embarrass you both, or fail it, and cause both friends grief. Be that as it may, he who will not share his thoughts is not worth trusting.~This one can truly say that he hears, but understanding is a moth that flits into the lamp of time and burns there, leaving only a little smoke and a memory.~This one would be a felon destined to the cangue if he were to pretend that he knew what he knows not.~Greetings to the exalted visitor, and may your shadow never grow shorter, nor your list of creditors longer.~

ITEMS.TXT

a magnetic bottle of antimatter~A shielded magnetic bottle of antimatter.~The tricorder indicates a magnetic bottle containing the normal load of one-tenth gram of antimatter.~Antimatter is suspended in magnetic bottles because it totally annihilates any matter it contacts.  The reaction is the most violent known but it can be controlled to propel starships and for "seeding" mechanisms of fusion reactors.~an iron cooking pot~A crude iron cooking pot.~The tricorder indicates this pot to be made of a crude cast iron with severe metallurgical fractures and flaws. It was cast approximately forty-three years ago.~It's just an iron pot, sir. I don't think it's been washed lately.~a basket~A basket of faded bluish rushes, tightly woven.~The tricorder indicates this basket to be woven of some local plant fiber. It's unremarkable except for the color.~It's a simple basket, sir.~an earthenware plate~A shallow earthenware platter with a dark reddish-colored stew in it.~The plate is fired clay, and the contents are a simple vegetable stew. Readings caution against eating it.~It looks like some kind of alien chili, sir. Without the tabasco. The plate seems to be clay, or something similar.~a crude robe~A robe made of vegetable fibres pounded together into a sort of felt.~The tricorder indicates this garment to be made of vegetable fiber and a glue of some kind. The structure is similar to felt.~It's a simple robe, Captain.~hwounty, a small alien creature~It looks like a cross between a two-foot-tall grasshopper and a beetle standing on its rear legs.~This entity's interior structure is much like that of some Terran insects. But its nervous system is far more complex. Its brain size indicates considerable intelligence.~Sir, the creature is an insectoid life-form structurally similar to a beetle. But it seems to be of sufficient intelligence to have language.~rirder, a tall hexapedal alien~It's body is covered with shimmery fur that changes to match its surroundings.~This being appears to be a sort of median stage between the mammal and the reptile. Its body temperature puts it right between being coldblooded and warmblooded.~Captain, this is fascinating. Notice the entity's fur. It could render its wearer almost invisible to pursuit.~Klingon warship Menekku~The Klingon battlecruiser Menekku, a large and well-armed ship of the Kaza class.~Readings indicate that this is a fully armed Klingon battle cruiser on full battle status.~Klingon warship Enekti~This is the Klingon battlecruiser Enekti, a large and well-armed ship of the Kaza class.~Sensors show a Klingon battlecruiser with energy consumption curves indicating full battle status. ~Klingon warship Kjkhrry~The Klingon battlecruiser Kjkhrry, a large and well-armed ship of the Kaza class.~Klingon warship Kytin~The Klingon battlecruiser Kjkhrry, a large and well-armed ship of the Kaza class.~Scan indicates the near presence of the Klingon battlecruiser Kjkhrry.~Klingon warship Amak~This is the Klingon battlecruiser Amak, a large and well-armed ship of the Kaza class.~Klingon warship Okuv~This is the Klingon battlecruiser Okuv, a large and well-armed ship of the Kaza class.~Klingon warship Tukab~This is the Klingon battlecruiser Tukab, a large and well-armed ship of the Kaza class.~Klingon warship Krngga~This is the Klingon battlecruiser Krngga, a large and well-armed ship of the Kaza class.~Scanners indicate a concentration of weaponry that easily outmatches the Enterprises capabilities.~a Klingon starship~You see a Klingon starship -- wicked-looking, with two low-slung nacelles.~Sensors confirm the object as a Klingon vessel. It exhibits all the proper energy readouts.~the Lihiln a totally black vessel~A long, sleek craft, of a metal so black that it's difficult to make out against the star field.~Ship's scanners reveal a vessel constructed of silico-iridium compound combining elements of glass and metal. The hull is charged with some sort of energy. The energy levels and life readings fluctuate every few seconds.~Fascinating, captain. That ship is as close to totally nonreflective as it is possible to become. Yet the coloration is not a coating; it seems to be an intrinsic part of the vessel's hull that renders it almost invisible.~a twisted remnant of shimmering metal~It's shimmering oddly between a dark reddish metallic color, and the color of its surroundings.~A fragment of a silico-iridium compound; one long, interwoven, engineered molecule, with elements of both glass and metal. It appears to carry a small charge of some kind of energy, which the tricorder is unable to identify.~Fascinating, Captain. It's as if the metal is trying to blend into the background through high frequency vibrations. Either the Klingons have developed a technology for camouflage, or this did not come from a Klingon vessel.~a fragment of scorched metal~It's shimmering oddly between a dark reddish metallic color, and the color of its surroundings.~The tricorder indicates that this is a fragment of a silico-iridium compound; one long, engineered molecule with elements of both glass and metal. It appears to carry a small energy charge which the tricorder is unable to identify.~Captain, it's an iridium-silicon compound, a "metallic glass". There are traces of some low-intensity energy that we can't identify; it keeps the molecule vibrating at a higher rate than you might expect. But that's all we can tell you.~an alien wreck~Smoke and flames billow from the craft's hull. It's skin shimmers oddly, sometimes it seems to disappear.~Tricorder readings show the ship to be full of extremely advanced energy sources, and (even now) some computer activity. There are also faint nonhominid life readings coming from inside the ship.~Sir, there may be survivors, we'd better move fast!~a humming glass-and-metal device~It's three feet long with graceful curved spikes jutting from it.~This device is generating a peculiar energy that the tricorder can't analyze. As to how it works -- there's no way to tell. The science is completely new.~Captain, the device is amazing, though I don't fully understand the thing. I've plugged her into the warp generator. Give the word, and I can have the Enterprise lookin' enough like a Klingon warship to fool its mother.~bhrffa, a many tentacled alien creature~This is a seven foot tall being that looks like a scrub mop made of green tentacles.~The tricorder identifies the alien as highly intelligent, with two brains and three stomachs. It's nervous systems are incredibly complex and beyond tricorder analysis.~Captain, these people have one of the most advanced nervous systems I've seen. They can sense almost any kind of energy known. They seem to be able to sense faster-than-light phenomena; though how they manage it, I can't say.~bhrffy, a many tentacled alien creature~he looks just like the other one.~scan reveals a normal adult bhrf.~a tall, crooked building~It lists to port, no two windows are the same, and it stops abruptly at the top.~Tricorder analysis reveals the building to be made of concrete, steel and glass. There are many life form and energy readings inside that indicate a small matter-antimatter powered electrical generator working in the basement.~If it's true what they say, that architecture reveals the nature of the people who live in it, I think we should leave now.~metal machine installations~This is a tremendous open metal framework, tens of thousands of miles in diameter.~Instruments indicate the presence of a huge metal mass. Machine assemblies are spaced at regular intervals and many of them are producing pressor beam wave forms, but at much higher energy levels than are usual for pressors.~an immense mass of glowing matter~A huge, slowly rotating, spherical mass of matter. It glows a dull red as it rotates.~Scan indicates a huge mass composed of hypercompressed hydrogen and other elements. The pressure is so severe that some of the hydrogen has been compressed nearly to the metallic state.~Captain, I am fascinated. This is a huge mass of hydrogen and other light elements, a small percentage of asteroidal rock and cometary material. It must have taken a standard year of constant accumulation to accrete such a mass.~a goat-like creature~This is a creature that looks rather like a magenta-colored cross between fish and goat.~The tricorder says that the goats' metabolism is basically amphibian.~This is an amphibian of a fairly common type. It looks a lot like a goat, and it smells a lot like a fish. It looks harmless, but may not be if we approach it.~a whale-like creature~It is forty feet long with multiple fins and several small eyes in a circle on top of its head.~The tricorder indicates that this is an airbreathing creature with lung and central nervous system development much like that of a whale, and well developed sound producing abilities.~Captain, this is a most striking example of convergent development. This creature is very like a Terran whale.~harapha, a tortoise like creature~This creature looks like a tortoise whose shell is covered with enamels and jewels.~The tricorder reveals this creature to be structurally rather similar to a Horta, except that it doesn't secrete acid. Some of the "jewels" in the shell are eyes.~This appears to be a silicon-based life form rather like a Horta. It doesn't secrete acid, but otherwise the similarities are striking.~asuiar, a tall female hominid~She has green skin and silver hair, and is wearing a brightly patterned jump suit.~The tricorder indicates a standard hominid physiology, with central nervous system and circulatory system rather like a human's; her heart is somewhat larger than the human norm, and her bones have more marrow.~This is a hominid life form, very close to Earth-human standards in metabolism and arrangement. Her heart is a bit bigger than ours, and her bones have more marrow. Possibly an adaptation to low gravity.~melucht, a tall, plantlike alien~This is a slow-moving creature that looks like a tall thin holly bush.~The tricorder reveals a being with a vegetable physiology rather like that of several other known sentient plant species.~This is a being with a sentient-plant physiology rather like other known species. I wouldn't try to eat the berries.~qqkq, a flat rock~This creature looks exactly like an irregularly shaped flat rock.~The tricorder picks up a strong and definite life-form reading from this "rock"...but no other readings whatsoever: especially, no brain activity as it's commonly understood.~It's a rock. And it's alive. But that's all we can tell about it. It doesn't seem to be sentient, at least not as we know it.~thshhath, a furry, red-glowing creature~This is a small, vague, furry shape that seems to glow slightly red in the dark.~This is a small methane-breathing being of uncertain physiology.~I wouldn't advise disturbing it. It may to have its reasons for staying away from us.~ornae, a clear, shimmering, amorphous creature~It's like a clear membrane filled with fifty gallons of pale-blue jelly.~The tricorder indicates this creature is an amoeboid type like those of Alioth 4B. It converts energy directly from sunlight or cosmic rays. It has the ability to attach itself to any machine or device to effect repairs.~Fascinating! Judging from its physiology, I would say that this creature has a non-centralized brain and nervous system. I suspect that it can form a symbiotic bond with other beings or machines.~a vast ship-servicing apparatus~This is an assortment of advanced and involved ship-servicing equipment.~An assortment of advanced ship servicing equipment, using matter-antimatter technology, molecular weaving, ion exchange, and spinshift metallurgical tailoring. The Ornae are running the equipment and letting the computers use them as tools.~Fascinating, Captain. These creatures are not only using machines, they are making themselves part of them. It lends meaning to those reports we had about the planet, that they would make tools out of anything, even themselves....~a shiny round ornacraft~It is 10 meters wide and looks more like a giant ball bearing than anything else.~The ship has a matter-antimatter converter that allows only a few molecules of each substance to react at a time (a level of control unknown to Federation science). Signals are detected between the craft and the eastern mountain range.~What a bonny small ship! But how do you get in?...and how do you keep it from rolling away? I'll give a bottle of my best Sarian brandy to the first man who can tell me how she's powered.~a small transmitter ~It has no external features.~A small and elegant device running on atomic batteries of the kind formerly used in probe satellites. It is transmitting the old Terran alphanumeric characters 554E444552204D45, followed by a long string of binary characters.~Sir, it's garbled. I'll play it back. "Attacked near 818 Circini...bird of prey...refused hails...appeared from nowhere... many lost...in tow...enemy attacked...lost us...fuel exhausted..." Also, there is a visual of an old Klingon vessel!~an antique scout ship of Earth origin~Of 22nd century design. Several frozen bodies lie on the floor.~A small 22nd century exploratory craft: ion drive with no translight capability. Atomic batteries still have power, but life support has long since failed. Navigational readouts are frozen at 2567.23762.2****; the last digits are unreadable.~The vessel could not have reached its present location without assistance. I will be interested to see its log, if one still exists.~the USS Robert A. Heinlein~A Starfleet light cruiser, about two thirds the size of the Enterprise.~Scanners show no evidence of life on board. Dents and ripples mark her hull, as if exposed to great pressure.~Captain, this is definitely Sulu's ship. She normally carries a complement of two hundred and six. But what in space happened to her? It looks like pressure damage, Captain, but what kind of pressors can do that to a ship's hull?~a Klingon space station~A roughly cylindrical space station about half a mile in diameter and a mile and a half long.~Readings indicate a standard Klingon space station. It is armed, but the station's main power expenditure is for protective screening. Inside, much mechanical and heat energy being expended and there are many life signs.~It's one o' the Klingons' standard modular space stations, Captain. A shabby prefab thing it is. Probably screened like a starship, especially in this environment. Normally they house about 200 of the vermin inside.~a hand phaser~This is a standard issue hand phaser.~A standard Starfleet issue hand phaser. Settings range from light stun to kill. It has a self-adjusting hand grip, a programmable overload trigger (presently disabled), and a light-touch trigger.~A standard Starfleet issue hand phaser has settings from light stun to kill, a self-adjusting hand grip for greater ease of use, a self-programmable overload trigger, and a trigger with a very light touch.~a standard tricorder~The tricorder is capable of noting various kinds of data and energy input and output.~A standard Starfleet issue neoduotronic tricorder, model SFCAJK2200884637. with battery pack, still under warranty. Cost is 6000 credits per unit.~A standard Starfleet issue neoduotronic tricorder, model SFCAJK2200884637, with battery pack is capable of recording and interpreting a variety of energy readings.  Memory capacity is 10.6 KBytes.  Issued to all science and medical personnel.~a standard communicator~A small, rectangular device with a hinged antenna grid; serial number SFCAJKRR447351289.~A standard-issue tachyon based Starfleet communicator, programmed to transmit on subspace ship-to-shore channels but adaptable for use inside a Starship. Range is 20 to 40K miles depending upon conditions.~This is a standard-issue communicator, set to transmit on subspace frequencies.  Its serial number is SFCAJKRR447351289 and it is no longer under warranty. This is the one we repaired illegally after it was dropped into the swamp on Berengaria V.~ Cmdr. Spock; First Officer and Science Officer, USS Enterprise; Half-Vulcan; weight: 170 pounds at 1 gee; typical Vulcan physiology: two hearts and manganese based blood cells; contact telepath; scientist and mathematician of Galactic repute.~Cmdr. Leonard Edward McCoy, MD. Chief of Medicine and Psychiatry, USS Enterprise; Human; Height: 5' 11"; Hair brown; Eyes: blue; Blood type: A+; Fellow of the Interstellar College of Xenomedicine; Hobbies: Spock-baiting and Creole cuisine.~Cmdr. Montgomery Scott, Chief Engineer, USS Enterprise; Earth human; Height: 6' 1"; Hair: brown; Eyes: brown; Blood type: O-; Hobbies: comparative alcohol appreciation and reading technical manuals. ~ Lt. Nyota Uhura, Chief of Communications, USS Enterprise; Height: 5' 5"; Eyes: brown; Hair: black; Blood type AB+; Hobbies: Comparative Xenolinguistics and Denebian Opera.~ Lt. Pavel Chekov, Weapons Officer, USS Enterprise; Height: 5'6"; Hair: black; Eyes: brown: Blood type O-; Hobbies: sky-yacht racing, old Cyrillic and Slavic linguistics and history.~ Lt. Theresa Renner, transporter technician, USS Enterprise; Height: 5' 5"; Hair: brown; Eyes: brown; Blood type: AB+; Former professional violist; third degree black belt, Kung Foo; Hobbies: collecting purple things and teddy bears. ~Lieutenant Derval Seamonn ni Avoca, replacement Helm Officer, USS Enterprise; Height: 6' 1"; Hair: black; Eyes: brown; Blood type A+; Hobbies: Irish studies, amateur distilling off color limericks.~Lt. Sean O'Hara, assigned to security. Native to Alton. Height: 5'2'; Hair: brown (shaggy); Eyes: green (2); Distinguishing marks: blond patches on mane. Hobbies: moon watching, burger eating.~Ensign Dahai lohor Naraht, assigned to biology and biomaths, USS Enterprise; 8,412th egg of the Horta; Height: 2' 3"; Skin: orange-brown strata, brown "islands": Voder strapped to "back"; Hobbies: recreational gambling, cooking with heavy metals.~Lt. Cmdr. Harb Tanzer, Chief of Recreation, USS Enterprise; Height: 5' 9"; Hair: silver; Eyes: blue; Blood type A+; Past contract bridge champion of the Federation, four standard years running. Hobbies: Creative recontextualization, 4D chess.~Lt. Cmdr. Lia Burke, RN, MD, ND, FICN. Assistant head nurse, USS Enterprise; Height: 5' 7"; Hair: brown; Eyes: hazel; Blood type A+; Hobbies: recreational computer simulations, chess (2D-4D), alien mythologies.~Lt. Janice Kerasus (pronounced jaNeece), Chief of Linguistics, Communications Department, USS Enterprise; Height: 5' 11"; Hair: brown; Eyes: brown; Blood type A+; Hobbies: cats, creative writing, equestrian events.~Lt. Azrieh Lee, Junior Weapons Officer, USS Enterprise; Specialist in phaser technology; Height: 5' 5"; Hair: brown; Eyes: brown; Blood type B+; Hobbies: graphic arts, historical costume.~Lt. Olga Litowinsky, Chief Computer Librarian, USS Enterprise; Height: 5' 6"; Hair: salt and pepper; Eyes: blue; Hobbies: children's books, surf fishing.~Lt. Jerry Freeman, assigned to Biology, USS Enterprise; Height: 5' 10"; Hair: Brown; Eyes: brown; Blood type A+; Hobbies: antique entertainment forms, image processing.~Lt. Hikaru Sulu, temporary commander of the Federation ship, USS Robert A. Heinlein. Height: 5'7"; Hair: Black; Eyes: Brown. Blood Type: AB-. Hobbies: oriental studies, iaido, freelance swashbuckling.~Name: Iota Trianguli.~An orange-brown planet, twice Earth size. One large ocean surrounded by deserts.~Readings indicate unusual life-form activity intermixed with electromagnetic fluctuations coming from the mountainous region west of the ocean near coords: 5000.5000.~Free traders report one intelligent species (name: Ornae). They have a reputation as great toolmakers. Last contact 1 standard year ago. The Ornae were reported to be interested in electronic equipment and extracultural artifacts.~Name: 789 Circini. Type:K6.~A small, barren, rocky planet of the Pluto type, barely illuminated by its dark red-golden sun.~Sensors detect a faint signal in the old FM band, originating near 5000.3000: pinpointing is impossible due to crater reflection. The signal repeats 554E4445 52204D45, followed by a binary string. Life signs are negative.~Number from primaries: 9. Diameter: 1860 miles. Mass: 3.5 sextillion met-tons. Distance from primary: 48.6 AU (4,519,800,000 mi.). Pre-existing information: Location uncharted; no preliminary mapping. Planet name: unassigned.~Name:kappa-1 Apodis. Type:B2.~A silvery globe somewhat flattened at the poles. Faint Jupiter-like banding.~Planet type: R10. Mean temperature: -250 F. Sensors detect a core of collapsed helium surrounded by liquid helium and floating metallic islands. The atmosphere is mostly methane and helium. Recommended landing site: 8400.9370.~Planet's location charted on two occasions. No confirmation of the presence of intelligent life. USS Hastings attempted contact and assumed lost. USS Vincennes also lost. Cause unknown. Area quarantined.  Commanders are cautioned to keep clear of this system unless absolute necessity.~Name:1214 Normae~The planet is perfect type M, with well-formed polar caps and a surface about 70% water.~Sensors indicate 0.7 gee gravity despite large size, due to a less dense mantle and a smaller core. Life signs indicate several million life forms.  Climate varies from subtropical to tropical. Population center at: 4000,15500.~System charted and mapped. Planet name: Hastorang. Translation: "Lifemother". Intelligent hominid life. Level of civilization: feudal. Single language: Daiya. Opened to licensed free trade 4 standard years ago. Prime Directive is in force.~Name:R Octantis. Type: M6.~Arranged in orbit in a hollow configuration are millions of asteroids.~Presence of domes protected by forcefields. Diameter of sphere: 100 million miles. Mass of sphere: 4000 heptillion metric tons. Distance of sphere from primary: .537 AU (50 million miles). Recommended landing: 6560,15100.~Location and existence noted in last standard year. Area outside the Federation's patrol corridors. Several forms of intelligent life reported to share the sphere.  All the species reported to be technologically advanced.~Name:I-139 Circini. Type:G6.~Surface is 60% covered by water. The main landmass lies in the equatorial zone.~Landmasses feature prominent mountain ranges with a great deal of iron close to the surface. Well developed civilization. Large cities connected by roads. Electrical and atomic power readings strongest in area: 14000,13000.~Name: Niau. Type of planet: M. Diameter: 6000 mi. Mass: 5 sextillion met-tons. Dis. from primary: 2 AU (186 million mi.). Satellites: 1. Intelligent life: not confirmed. Contact: Unconfirmed finding of "bones" of unknown landing party.~Name:4403 Pavonis. Type:K8.~The planet is a dull brown-black in color. It has no surface water.~Surface comprised of layered clays and strata of various silica. Insignificant subsurface water. Evidence of metals and metal ores close to the surface. Scan indicates low-level energy readings south of coordinates 7000.2500.~Location charted and preliminary mapping done. Intelligent life readings unconfirmed. Readings confused and no final determination made. No artifacts or other signs of life forms known to the Federation. Planet name assigned randomly.~Name:515 Arae. Type:B6.~This is a Vulcan type planet, predominantly a dull violet in color.~Mean surface temperature: 200 degrees F. Signs of advanced civilization. Transmissions across radiomagnetic spectrum. A sea of acid is evident at coordinates 6000.7000 extending for approximately 5000 units in all directions.~Location charted and preliminary mapping done. Intelligent life found. Hostile action precluded direct contact. USS Nihal attacked in orbit. All communication refused.  Nihal withdrew to avoid prolonging the engagement.~Name:303 Muscae. Type:G-type.~Type M world. Large impassible jungle at the equator.~Pop: 10,000 in 2 settlements near coords 14000.13500. Energy readings indicate a pre-spaceflight culture but undefined anomalies near south pole suggest possibility of matter-antimatter conversion.~Location charted. No mapping. Intelligent life found. Anomalous sensor readings indicate possible contamination by more advanced culture.  Planet quarantined. Position classified. Prime Directive in full affect.~Name:43 Pavonis. Type:R.~Rust-red color with turbulent atmosphere. Surface: 50% covered by oceans.~R-type planet. Primary solvent: benzene family. Oceans: organic and nonorganic hydrocarbon solutions, including evolved plastics. Life form readings: strongest from area of 7000,5000. Population estimate: 500,000,000.~Intelligent life found. Contact: Ceased by request of Khut. Reclusive species, extremely cautious. Privacy has religious importance. Federation vessels are advised to avoid planet except in extreme emergency.~Name:1835 Normae. Type:K4.~Visual: large orange-brown planet. Twice Earth size. Mostly desert.~Scan indicates the presence of energy readings at 7100 7400 with a highly developed civilization using matter/antimatter conversion and other advanced energy sources.~No Federation record of the location or existence of this planet.  Name and satellite names assigned by attribution.~Name: Unassigned. Type: Coalsack.~Name:2729 Trianguli. Type:G8.~There is a prominent mountain chain and a large river flowing N/S along coordinate 8000. Small settlements appear east of the river.~This is an Earthlike planet, with an oxygen-nitrogen atmosphere that will support Terrene life. Diameter: 9500 miles. Mass: 5 sextillion tons. Distance from primary: 1.3 AU (121 million miles). Natural satellites: none.~No record of planet's location or existence. Planet name and satellite names assigned by attribution.~Name:7044 Apodis. Type:K5.~Slightly larger than Earth and of same general type.  Oxygen-nitrogen atmosphere.~Life readings indicate a population of 2,000,000,000. Major metropolitan center located at 12500.3500. Tremendous amount of radio activity present. Mass of planet is 6 sextillion metric tons. Distance from primary: 1.2 AU (99 million miles).~No record of planet's location has been previously recorded. Planet name and satellite names assigned by attribution.~Name:none. Type:K8.~Small M type planet with numerous scattered islands.~Ship's scanner's pick up numerous life form readings on and around a  small island at 5000,5000.~This planet's location and existence have not been previously recorded. Planet name and satellite names assigned by attribution.~This is a watery type M planet. There is some sparse vegetation.~Ship's scanners indicate no life readings above the vegetable level.~This is a gas giant of the Jovian type, brightly banded in various shades of green.~Ship's scanners indicate no life signs on/in the planet. Large amounts of verdirins (porphyrin analogues) are present in the atmosphere.~This is a planet slightly larger than Earth, with a barren-looking brown surface.~Ship's scanners indicate no life signs. A great deal of subsurface water is detected.~This is a barren-looking planet with a very thin atmosphere and very sparse vegetation.~Ship's scanners indicate no life-readings above the vegetable level. Readings indicate a geologically violent history, with numerous earthquakes and much present seismic activity.~This is a brightly colored but barren-looking world with no visible vegetation.~Ship's scanners are picking up odd energy readings from the planet, but no life readings that can be detected. There is considerable interference with sensors from both the planet and its star.~A moon covered by sharp spiky formations.~Scan indicates no life signs.~A huge moon composed of quartz and other crystalline materials.~Readings indicate high radiation levels.~A large Titan-like moon, its surface obscured by methane clouds.~Scan indicates a large amount of methane and extremely cold temperatures.~A pockmarked landscape similar to that of Earth's moon.~No life of any kind present.~A dusty moon with no other redeeming features whatsoever.~Negative life readings.~two wizards, one male and one female~The two wizards are dressed in richly embroidered ceremonial robes.~The tricorder indicates that though both aliens look like natives of this planet, each one has some sort of odd energy field around himself or herself.~I wouldn't mess with either of them. They look like mean cusses.~a pretty young alien princess~She looks suspiciously like a princess.~The tricorder indicates this person to be a standard inhabitant of this planet.~She looks like she needs help, Jim!~a mob of blue people~The aliens look very annoyed.~The tricorder indicates the presence of numerous humanoid aliens with abnormally high blood pressure.~They don't look dangerous, sir, just scared.~a large green dragon~This is a huge, green, dragon like beast, smoking slightly.~The tricorder is having a problem accurately reporting the mass of this creature.~Captain, if this is not a dragon, it is an excellent imitation of one.~a chain holding the princess~The tricorder indicates that this chain is composed of a crude wrought iron forged about eighty standard years ago. It is also very rusty.~it looks strong, but i bet a few phaser blasts would vaporize it.~a pile of alien treasures~You see jewels, money, swords and armor of alien make.~The tricorder reveals many unusual metals and gemstones, some of which are unknown to Federation science.~With about a tenth of this, you could buy a nice little starship of your own!~the corpse of a young man~A young Hastorangit male, quite dead.~Tricorder shows no sign of life or other brain activity.~He's dead, Jim.~a crowd of catlike creatures~These are mostly bipedal "ailurin" or catlike aliens, about three meters in height.~The tricorder indicates that these creatures are highly intelligent and closely related to the ailurin bipeds of the Federation.  They may have their roots in the same species. The creature has two hearts and a long prehensile tail.~Captain! I wouldn't want to tangle with that pussy.~a mounted hominid skeleton~A fully mounted hominid skeleton, rags and shreds of tendon and dried muscle hanging about it.~The tricorder indicates the slightly heavier bone structure and higher density of a Klingon skeleton. The bones are those of a Klingon male, about forty years of age.~I don't think I can do anything for this poor Klingon...that's what the bones are: the structure makes it plain. He was about forty, I'd say, when he was, ah, asked to dinner.~niauite, a catlike alien~A bipedal alien of the "ailurin" or catlike type, about three meters in height.~This is definately a large cat.~Captain, these creatures are clearly carnivorous.~a bipedal, cat alien~This is a bipedal, catlike alien in advanced age: his fur is silver-blonde.~This is a large cat.~a ragged metal substance~This is a ragged chunk of some silvery metallic substance.~Tricorder is unable to tell anything about the origin of this metal due to the melting it has recently undergone.~The substance is clearly of Klingon origin, captain.~a large crab like guard~This is a large creature that looks like a four-legged crab, quite annoyed.~This creature's tissues are entirely nonreactive materials. It is made of a biological compound very similar to teflon.~Remarkable, sir. Even glass would not resist acid as well. There is some fiberglass in the creature in the form of evolved spun silicates.~klusid, a crab like creature~This creature looks like a four-legged crab. No eyes are visible.~This creature's tissues are entirely nonreactive. They are made of a biological compound similar to teflon.~It looks mean... but intelligent, jim.~a crab miner carrying mining tools~The creature is carrying some tools suitable for mining.~This creature's tissues are almost entirely nonreactive. It is made of a biological compound similar to teflon.~khuti, a big sheet of plastic~This is a large flat white sheet of living plastic. It is standing on end wavering in the wind. Amazingly, the sheet can speak.~The tricorder indicates that this sheet is made up of DNA-like molecules.~a mob of plastic bottles~This is a little mob of living plastic bottles. They seem to be supporting their leader.~The tricorder indicates that these bottles are made up of DNA-like molecules.~an alien machine installation~Tall towers of blue metal and cables, boxes, and conduits are everywhere.~The tricorder indicates an extremely high energy reading coming from this installation, indicating that matter/antimatter technology is being used to produce some kind of beam or wave.~This is a most advanced installation. It is functioning at what seems for it to be a relatively low power level at the moment: if it starts functioning at a higher level, we should have little trouble understanding what it does.~mound of clay~This is a mound of brown and grey clay.~There are thousands of layers of a silica crystal called illarite in this clay stratum. They are using energy from the warming and cooling of the clay to replicate themselves.~a set of videotapes~Antique classic videotapes including "Casablanca", and others.~The tricorder indicates that these are iron-oxide tapes with magnetized domains used for storing video and audio signals.~"When is the next movie night, by the way?.....Oh, never mind.~a sign with bold alien letters~A large sign lettered in big alien letters that you cannot read.~The tricorder indicates the presence of a sign made of sheet metal with reflective paint on it.~Captain, that written language is a phonetic "lingua franca" widely used by some species we know. The sign says "No Right Turn On Red."~a Tshihin overlord~An impressive Tshihin overlord, dressed in a style recalling old Japan on Earth.~Tricorder readings indicate a human of Terran ancestry. His hair is in a topknot and he has three swords hanging in various fashions about his person.~a cube-shaped installation~The cube is nearly a mile high, and covered with ancient hieroglyphics.~Scanning reveals a cube emitting energy at an astonishing rate. It is made of an alloy not known to Federation science. It rotates slowly as it tracks a fixed point in the sky at approximately location 10000.20000.5000.~a Federation message buoy~a standard federation message buoy~The message buoy is emitting a signal in standard Federation code MM-711. The code is densely packed and may have been damaged or it may be transmitting an unrecognized language.~Captain, I've broken Sulu's code."KLINGONS USED HYPERPRESSOR. MINING ASTEROIDS THIS AREA. SUSPECT LARGE ENGINEERING PROJECT: 8500,27000,27500. SCAN INDICATES CAPTURE NOT DESTRUCTION. STEALTH IMPERATIVE. GOD SPEED." The transmission ends.~145 Trianguli~Planets 145 Trianguli Region: Achir:11432.15058.9077  Andorgha:17781.8678.12655 Hastorang:1907.19042.15718  Jauzah:21788.22312.5634 Khut:24783.13742.20471  Klusos:6237.6829.29003 Malakiyy:24038.9384.17522  Niau:25784.4678.10833 Orna:13498.17852.12576  Tshio:7249.15058.8547~the shuttlecraft Galileo~you see the shuttlecraft galileo, damaged beyond repair.~The tricorder indicates a small non-warp capable craft of a size suitable for carrying six people in comfort.~This is a standard-issue Starfleet shuttlecraft, non-warp-capable.~

TMAIN
000030e0: 38 ac f2 46 ae 04 2b cf 78 2e 78 00 72 00 08 20  8,rF..+Ox.x.r.. 
000030f0: 08 00 0a 0d 00 55 6e 69 66 6f 72 6d 00 43 61 73  .....Uniform.Cas
00003100: 75 61 6c 00 53 70 61 63 65 20 73 75 69 74 00 43  ual.Space suit.C
00003110: 6f 6c 64 20 67 65 61 72 00 48 65 61 74 20 67 65  old gear.Heat ge
00003120: 61 72 00 46 75 6e 63 74 69 6f 6e 73 00 48 65 6c  ar.Functions.Hel
00003130: 70 00 49 6e 76 65 6e 74 6f 72 79 00 47 69 76 65  p.Inventory.Give
00003140: 00 54 61 6b 65 00 55 73 65 00 53 68 6f 6f 74 00  .Take.Use.Shoot.
00003150: 45 78 61 6d 69 6e 65 00 4c 6f 6f 6b 00 44 72 6f  Examine.Look.Dro
00003160: 70 00 55 74 69 6c 69 74 69 65 73 00 50 68 61 73  p.Utilities.Phas
00003170: 65 72 20 62 61 6e 6b 73 00 50 68 6f 74 6f 6e 20  er banks.Photon 
00003180: 74 6f 72 70 65 64 6f 65 73 00 54 72 61 63 74 6f  torpedoes.Tracto
00003190: 72 20 62 65 61 6d 00 53 69 63 6b 62 61 79 00 53  r beam.Sickbay.S
000031a0: 68 69 70 20 53 65 6e 73 6f 72 73 00 4c 69 66 65  hip Sensors.Life
000031b0: 73 75 70 70 6f 72 74 00 44 65 66 65 6e 73 69 76  support.Defensiv
000031c0: 65 20 53 63 72 65 65 6e 73 00 53 75 62 73 70 61  e Screens.Subspa
000031d0: 63 65 20 72 61 64 69 6f 00 54 72 61 6e 73 70 6f  ce radio.Transpo
000031e0: 72 74 65 72 00 57 61 72 70 20 65 6e 67 69 6e 65  rter.Warp engine
000031f0: 73 00 00 57 61 72 70 20 67 65 6e 65 72 61 74 6f  s..Warp generato
00003200: 72 00 49 6e 74 65 72 63 6f 6d 00 44 79 6c 69 74  r.Intercom.Dylit
00003210: 68 69 75 6d 20 43 72 79 73 74 61 6c 00 53 74 65  hium Crystal.Ste
00003220: 61 6c 74 68 20 44 65 76 69 63 65 00 43 6f 6d 70  alth Device.Comp
00003230: 75 74 65 72 20 73 79 73 74 65 6d 00 4e 61 76 69  uter system.Navi
00003240: 67 61 74 69 6f 6e 61 6c 20 63 6f 6d 70 75 74 65  gational compute
00003250: 72 00 53 68 75 74 74 6c 65 63 72 61 66 74 00 31  r.Shuttlecraft.1
00003260: 00 43 6f 6d 6d 00 53 70 6f 63 6b 00 4d 63 63 6f  .Comm.Spock.Mcco
00003270: 79 00 53 63 6f 74 74 00 55 68 75 72 61 00 43 68  y.Scott.Uhura.Ch
00003280: 65 6b 6f 76 00 52 65 6e 6e 65 72 00 41 76 6f 63  ekov.Renner.Avoc
00003290: 61 00 4f 27 68 61 72 61 00 4e 61 72 61 68 74 00  a.O'hara.Naraht.
000032a0: 54 61 6e 7a 65 72 00 42 75 72 6b 65 00 4b 65 72  Tanzer.Burke.Ker
000032b0: 61 73 75 73 00 4c 65 65 00 4c 69 74 6f 77 69 6e  asus.Lee.Litowin
000032c0: 73 6b 79 00 46 72 65 65 6d 61 6e 00 00 00 00 00  sky.Freeman.....
000032d0: 00 73 75 6c 75 00 74 72 69 63 6f 72 64 65 72 00  .sulu.tricorder.
000032e0: 70 68 61 73 65 72 00 63 6f 6d 6d 75 6e 69 63 61  phaser.communica
000032f0: 74 6f 72 00 70 6f 74 00 62 61 73 6b 65 74 00 70  tor.pot.basket.p
00003300: 6c 61 74 65 00 72 6f 62 65 00 72 65 6d 6e 61 6e  late.robe.remnan
00003310: 74 00 66 72 61 67 6d 65 6e 74 00 77 72 65 63 6b  t.fragment.wreck
00003320: 00 64 65 76 69 63 65 00 62 75 69 6c 64 69 6e 67  .device.building
00003330: 00 61 70 70 61 72 61 74 75 73 00 74 72 61 6e 73  .apparatus.trans
00003340: 6d 69 74 74 65 72 00 73 63 6f 75 74 20 73 68 69  mitter.scout shi
00003350: 70 00 47 61 6c 69 6c 65 6f 00 41 6e 74 69 6d 61  p.Galileo.Antima
00003360: 74 74 65 72 00 43 68 61 69 6e 73 00 54 72 65 61  tter.Chains.Trea
00003370: 73 75 72 65 00 43 6f 72 70 73 65 00 63 72 6f 77  sure.Corpse.crow
00003380: 64 00 73 6b 65 6c 65 74 6f 6e 00 73 75 62 73 74  d.skeleton.subst
00003390: 61 6e 63 65 00 69 6e 73 74 61 6c 6c 61 74 69 6f  ance.installatio
000033a0: 6e 00 63 6c 61 79 00 74 61 70 65 73 00 73 69 67  n.clay.tapes.sig
000033b0: 6e 00 63 75 62 65 00 62 75 6f 79 00 00 00 00 00  n.cube.buoy.....
000033c0: 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 48 77 6f 75 6e 74 79 00 52  .......Hwounty.R
000033d0: 69 72 64 65 72 00 42 68 72 66 66 61 00 27 67 6f  irder.Bhrffa.'go
000033e0: 61 74 27 00 27 77 68 61 6c 65 27 00 48 61 72 61  at'.'whale'.Hara
000033f0: 70 68 61 00 41 73 75 69 61 72 00 4d 65 6c 75 63  pha.Asuiar.Meluc
00003400: 68 74 00 71 51 6b 71 00 54 68 73 68 68 61 74 68  ht.qQkq.Thshhath
00003410: 00 4f 72 6e 61 65 00 57 69 7a 61 72 64 73 00 50  .Ornae.Wizards.P
00003420: 72 69 6e 63 65 73 73 00 4d 6f 62 00 44 72 61 67  rincess.Mob.Drag
00003430: 6f 6e 00 4e 69 61 75 69 74 65 00 63 61 74 00 47  on.Niauite.cat.G
00003440: 75 61 72 64 00 4b 6c 75 73 69 64 00 4d 69 6e 65  uard.Klusid.Mine
00003450: 72 00 62 68 72 66 66 79 00 6b 68 75 74 69 00 62  r.bhrffy.khuti.b
00003460: 6f 74 74 6c 65 73 00 74 73 68 69 68 69 6e 00 4c  ottles.tshihin.L
00003470: 69 68 69 6c 6e 00 66 72 61 6d 65 77 6f 72 6b 00  ihiln.framework.
00003480: 70 72 6f 74 6f 73 74 61 72 00 4f 72 6e 61 63 72  protostar.Ornacr
00003490: 61 66 74 00 48 65 69 6e 6c 65 69 6e 00 53 70 61  aft.Heinlein.Spa
000034a0: 63 65 20 53 74 61 74 69 6f 6e 00 00 00 00 00 4b  ce Station.....K
000034b0: 61 7a 61 00 4d 65 6e 65 6b 6b 75 00 45 6e 65 6b  aza.Menekku.Enek
000034c0: 74 69 00 4b 6a 6b 68 72 72 79 00 4b 79 74 69 6e  ti.Kjkhrry.Kytin
000034d0: 00 41 6d 61 6b 00 4f 6b 75 76 00 54 75 6b 61 62  .Amak.Okuv.Tukab
000034e0: 00 4b 72 6e 67 67 61 00 42 72 69 64 67 65 00 53  .Krngga.Bridge.S
000034f0: 69 63 6b 62 61 79 00 45 6e 67 69 6e 65 65 72 69  ickbay.Engineeri
00003500: 6e 67 00 54 72 61 6e 73 70 6f 72 74 65 72 00 50  ng.Transporter.P
00003510: 6c 61 74 66 6f 72 6d 00 52 65 63 64 65 63 6b 00  latform.Recdeck.
00003520: 53 68 75 74 74 6c 65 62 61 79 00 4b 69 74 63 68  Shuttlebay.Kitch
00003530: 65 6e 00 43 61 72 67 6f 68 6f 6c 64 00 42 72 69  en.Cargohold.Bri
00003540: 65 66 69 6e 67 72 6f 6f 6d 00 4c 69 62 72 61 72  efingroom.Librar
00003550: 79 00 4c 61 62 00 43 6f 6d 70 75 74 65 72 00 4b  y.Lab.Computer.K
00003560: 69 72 6b 27 73 20 71 75 61 72 74 65 72 73 00 53  irk's quarters.S
00003570: 70 6f 63 6b 27 73 20 71 75 61 72 74 65 72 73 00  pock's quarters.
00003580: 4d 63 63 6f 79 27 73 20 71 75 61 72 74 65 72 73  Mccoy's quarters
00003590: 00 43 68 65 6b 6f 76 27 73 20 71 75 61 72 74 65  .Chekov's quarte
000035a0: 72 73 00 55 68 75 72 61 27 73 20 71 75 61 72 74  rs.Uhura's quart
000035b0: 65 72 73 00 53 63 6f 74 74 27 73 20 71 75 61 72  ers.Scott's quar
000035c0: 74 65 72 73 00 52 65 63 6c 61 6d 61 74 69 6f 6e  ters.Reclamation
000035d0: 00 50 68 61 73 65 72 20 62 61 6e 6b 73 00 4f 62  .Phaser banks.Ob
000035e0: 73 65 72 76 61 74 69 6f 6e 20 64 65 63 6b 00 4c  servation deck.L
000035f0: 6f 75 6e 67 65 00 57 61 72 70 20 64 72 69 76 65  ounge.Warp drive
00003600: 00 48 79 64 72 6f 70 6f 6e 69 63 73 00 53 65 63  .Hydroponics.Sec
00003610: 75 72 69 74 79 00 43 61 66 65 74 65 72 69 61 00  urity.Cafeteria.
00003620: 50 6f 6f 6c 00 47 79 6d 00 42 6f 77 6c 69 6e 67  Pool.Gym.Bowling
00003630: 20 61 6c 6c 65 79 00 4d 61 69 6e 74 65 6e 61 6e   alley.Maintenan
00003640: 63 65 00 49 6e 73 69 64 65 20 53 68 75 74 74 6c  ce.Inside Shuttl
00003650: 65 63 72 61 66 74 00 54 75 72 62 6f 2d 6c 69 66  ecraft.Turbo-lif
00003660: 74 00 4f 72 6e 61 00 4d 61 6c 61 6b 69 79 79 00  t.Orna.Malakiyy.
00003670: 41 6e 64 6f 72 67 68 61 00 48 61 73 74 6f 72 61  Andorgha.Hastora
00003680: 6e 67 00 41 63 68 69 72 00 4e 69 61 75 00 4a 61  ng.Achir.Niau.Ja
00003690: 75 7a 61 68 00 4b 6c 75 73 6f 73 00 54 73 68 69  uzah.Klusos.Tshi
000036a0: 6f 00 4b 68 75 74 00 52 69 72 64 00 3f 00 48 77  o.Khut.Rird.?.Hw
000036b0: 6f 75 6e 74 00 42 68 72 66 00 41 73 63 65 6c 6c  ount.Bhrf.Ascell
000036c0: 61 00 69 6f 74 61 00 37 38 39 00 6b 61 70 70 61  a.iota.789.kappa
000036d0: 2d 31 00 31 32 31 34 00 52 00 49 20 31 33 39 00  -1.1214.R.I 139.
000036e0: 34 34 30 33 00 35 31 35 00 38 30 33 00 34 33 00  4403.515.803.43.
000036f0: 37 30 34 34 00 43 6f 61 6c 73 61 63 6b 00 32 37  7044.Coalsack.27
00003700: 32 39 00 32 37 34 31 00 54 72 69 61 6e 67 75 6c  29.2741.Triangul
00003710: 69 00 54 72 69 61 6e 67 75 6c 69 00 43 69 72 63  i.Trianguli.Circ
00003720: 69 6e 69 00 41 70 6f 64 69 73 00 4e 6f 72 6d 61  ini.Apodis.Norma
00003730: 65 00 4f 63 74 61 6e 74 69 73 00 43 69 72 63 69  e.Octantis.Circi
00003740: 6e 69 00 50 61 76 6f 6e 69 73 00 41 72 61 65 00  ni.Pavonis.Arae.
00003750: 4d 75 73 63 61 65 00 50 61 76 6f 6e 69 73 00 41  Muscae.Pavonis.A
00003760: 70 6f 64 69 73 00 4e 6f 72 6d 61 65 00 54 72 69  podis.Normae.Tri
00003770: 61 6e 67 75 6c 69 00 43 69 72 63 69 6e 69 00 4e  anguli.Circini.N
00003780: 65 62 75 6c 61 00 44 65 73 74 72 6f 79 65 64 00  ebula.Destroyed.
00003790: 6f 75 74 00 52 65 70 61 69 72 73 00 4e 6f 72 6d  out.Repairs.Norm
000037a0: 61 6c 00 64 6f 77 6e 00 44 61 6d 61 67 65 64 00  al.down.Damaged.
000037b0: 4f 66 66 00 51 75 61 72 74 65 72 00 48 61 6c 66  Off.Quarter.Half
000037c0: 00 00 46 75 6c 6c 00 73 6f 75 74 68 00 6e 6f 72  ..Full.south.nor
000037d0: 74 68 00 77 65 73 74 00 65 61 73 74 00 6e 6f 72  th.west.east.nor
000037e0: 74 68 77 65 73 74 00 6e 6f 72 74 68 65 61 73 74  thwest.northeast
000037f0: 00 73 6f 75 74 68 77 65 73 74 00 73 6f 75 74 68  .southwest.south
00003800: 65 61 73 74 00 20 77 59 c0 ff 3c 8e ee 66 ac 2b  east. wY@.<.nf,+

